Make changes for Menu and MenuItem types #10 (#11)
enonic/app-menu: README.adoc

}

query {
    guillotine {
       menu  {
           menuItems {
             ...menuFields
          }
       }
    }
}
```

> If the `X-Guillotine-SiteKey` header is set, the menu will be retrieved for the given site. Otherwise, the menu will be retrieved for the root content with path `/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `X-Guillotine-SiteKey` header is set, the menu will be retrieved for the given site. Otherwise, the menu will be retrieved for project.
```
